Survey Application Operations:

Notes:
  Something encapsulated by ? ? it is still unknown/not defined yet.
  Something encapsulated by ?? ?? is something determined by another group member.

  Operation: User Login
    1.	User inputs username & password then clicks ‘Login’ button.
    2.	A request is sent to Controller
    3.	Controller calls backend method that will one of two things:
        o	Returns a User(Client) object
        o	Returns Null in the case that the username is not valid.
    4.	Controller will do one of two things:
        o	Converts User to JSON and transmits data to Front End.
        o	Convert Null to JSON and transmits data to Front End.
    5.	Front End converts JSON to either User Object or Null then displays User information or “Incorrect Username” message.
    6.	If Username & password is valid, Front End displays screen with User information(Available Surveys).

    Questions:
      1.	Where is the password verification done? –- Handled by Controller
      2.	Do we want Administrators to be able to take surveys using their Admin accounts? -- No
      3.	How will controller indicate to Front End if Username and/or password is incorrect?

  Operation: Admin Login
    1.	User inputs username & password then clicks ??Login button??.
    2.	A request is sent to Controller.
    3.	Controller calls backend method that will one of two things:
      o	Returns a User(Admin) object
      o	Returns Null in the case that the username is not valid.
    4.	Controller will do one of two things:
      o	Converts User to JSON and transmits data to Front End.
      o	Convert Null to JSON and transmits data to Front End.
    5.	Front End converts JSON to either User Object or Null then displays User information or “Incorrect Username” message.
    6.	If Username & password is valid, Front End displays screen with Available Surveys for User & a way to filter the Surveys by cateogory(property of survey object).

    Questions:
      1.	Where is the password verification done? -- Controller
      2.	Do we want Administrators to be able to take surveys using their Admin accounts?
      3.	How will controller indicate to Front End if Username and/or password is incorrect?

  Operation: New User Registration
    1.	User clicks ??Register/New Account button??.
    2.	Front End displays screen for registering a new user.
    3.	User inputs a Username & Password, possibly more, then hits ??Submit button??.
      a.	Luxury Option: Do a Username verification as the User inputs a new username to indicate if it is available.
    4.	Request sent to Controller.
    5.	Controller calls Back End method to add User(Client).
    6.	Back End checks if Username is available, if so then creates new User(Client) then returns User(Client).
    7.	Controller converts & transmits User to Front End.
    8.	Front End displays default User screen with User(Client) features.

    Questions:
      1.	Should we have default Surveys that are available to all Users upon creation?
      2.	Should we set restrictons on the password? Minimum length, contains at least 1 upper case and/or special characters. Possibly enforced by the Front End.

  Operation: Adding an Admin
    1.	Admin must login. See above operation
    2.	Admin clicks ??New Admin button??.
    3.	Admin inputs a Username & Password, possibly more, then hits ??Submit button??.
      a.	Luxury Update: Do a Username verification as the User inputs a new username to indicate if it is available.
    4.	Request sent to Controller.
    5.	Controller calls Back End method to add User(Admin).
    6.	Back End checks if Username is available, if so then creates new User(Admin) then returns User(Admin).
    7.	Controller converts & transmits User to Front End.
    8.	Front End displays default Admin screen with Admin features.

  Operation: Client Taking Survey
    1.	User logs in to account.
    2.	User(Client) selects survey from ??drop down list?? and clicks a button to open selected survey.
    3.	User fills out survey then clicks ??Submit button??.
    4.	Front End creates a ?SurveyReport Object? then converts & transmits to Controller.
    5.	Controller calls Back End method that will update the Results for that specific Survey.
        Note: Each Survey will have a Overall Report attached to it to that will display the overall results of all users who have taken that survey.
